how long Bob Miller here's another page
from my life's book it's a true story
and I'm telling it the way it happened I
know that because I keep a diary if you
don't you should consider doing so
because our memories like the years slip
away I was living in Las Vegas Nevada I
don't know how long I've been in the
landmark hotel and casino playing slots
when I heard someone saying I rather
brushed tone is this seat taken
I was in the process of picking up some
quarters I had dropped on the floor
while getting them out of a slot
machines tray and didn't look up but
replied nope I wouldn't set here Hongki
if there were any other seats but the
damn casino was full this time I did
look it was Redd Foxx and an oriental
lady he sat down and she stood behind
his chair he didn't introduce her I
don't think he was trying to be
disrespectful to her I suspect that he
didn't consider her name any of my
business and he was right what's your
name white boy Fox asked
normally this would have gotten replied
for me that I wouldn't repeat here but I
had lived in Las Vegas for years and had
heard about mr. Fox's shall we say
affection for Caucasians it's Bob mr.
Fox and I'm pleased you'll make the
exception and sit here hope you win I'm
down about $100 I guess Fox didn't say
anything he just glared at me I was
about to say something to him that I
would have regretted saying to this very
moment
I hate that about myself I've lost so
many potentially good friends over the
years but going to whatever lengths it
took to prove that I could be a better
jerk than them
is that an oxymoron anyway I turned so
we were face to face with intentions of
finding out just how good a verbal
gladiator he was all of us
looking into those piercing eyes of his
I started laughing and couldn't stop he
said without warning he'll you've got to
be half nigger look at your arm it's
blacker than mine I looked down at my
arm as he had commanded sure enough it
was darker than his my complexion is
dark and playing golf in the Nevada Sun
hadn't lightened it in my leaving the
casino had nothing to do with the late
mr. Fox I was just tired of losing and
had promised an aunt that I would stop
by to fix a leaky water faucet so
without saying anything
I left the comedian and cashed in a few
quarters left in my change button
opening the door my aunt said right on
time
come on in the repair took only five or
six minutes we then two seats in her den
an exchange family chitchat I told her
about the Fox encounter and asked
jokingly if we had any African Americans
and our family well she started it has
been pretty well established that my
grandmother did have a flair for black
males you've got to be kidding I see
fraid not dear nephew well that's not
fair I got the blood but not the music
for athletic abilities yeah you sure got
short chains there then there's that
other shortcut
what other shortcoming I said a little
disappointed that my favorite aunt would
say such a thing
sweetheart have you forgotten my baby
said you and changed those awful diapers
fingers are you hungry
I wasn't at hungry as I had been a few
seconds earlier but I was hungry yes was
all I could get out of as my mind
wondered what on earth was I going to do
about this situation I knew you'd be
hungry so I prepared our favorite meal
you get the ribs out of and why I fixed
the salad and sliced the watermelon
thanks for watching I'm Bob Miller